# OffensiveCSharp
This is a collection of C# tooling I've created for use on operations. All code is designed to be compatible with .NET 3.5 unless otherwise noted and does not require any external packages. Open each project's .SLN in Visual Studio and compile as "Release".

**AbandonedCOMKeys (.NET 4.0+)** - Enumerates abandoned COM keys (specifically `InprocServer32`). Useful for persistence as you can, in some cases, write to the missing location and call with `rundll32.exe -sta {CLSID}`. Technique referenced in [this post](https://bohops.com/2018/06/28/abusing-com-registry-structure-clsid-localserver32-inprocserver32/) by @bohops  
**CredPhisher** - Prompts the current user for their credentials using the `CredUIPromptForWindowsCredentials` WinAPI function. Supports an argument to provide the message text that will be shown to the user.  
**EncryptedZIP** - Compresses a directory or file and then encrypts the ZIP file with a supplied key using AES256 CFB. This assembly also clears the key out of memory using `RtlZeroMemory`. Use the included Decrypter progam to decrypt the archive.  
**GPSCoordinates (.NET 4.0+)** - Tracks the system's GPS coordinates (accurate within 1km currectly) if Location Services are enabled. Works on Windows 10 currently, but hoping to cover all versions 7+.  
**ImplantSSP** - Installs a user-supplied Security Support Provider (SSP) DLL on the system, which will be loaded by LSA on system start.  The DLL must export `SpLsaModeInitialize`. Inspired by [Install-SSP](https://powersploit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Persistence/Install-SSP/) by @mattifestation.  
**SessionSearcher (.NET 4.0+)** - Searches all connected drives for PuTTY private keys and RDP connection files and parses them for relevant details. Based on [SessionGopher](https://github.com/Arvanaghi/SessionGopher) by @arvanaghi.  
**UnquotedPath** - Outputs a list of unquoted service paths that aren't in System32/SysWow64 to plant a PE into. [ATT&CK Reference](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1034/)  
